OSDOCS-18072: Documenting Gateway API support for on-premise platforms (#110984)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gateway-api-benefits-limitations.adoc

Gateway API has the following limitations:

* Version incompatibilities: The Gateway API ecosystem changes rapidly, and some implementations do not work with others because their featureset is based on differing versions of Gateway API. 
* Resource overhead: While more flexible, Gateway API uses multiple resource types to achieve an outcome. For smaller applications, the simplicity of traditional Ingress might be a better fit. 

> * On-premise infrastructure dependencies: On-premise deployments, such as bare metal or VMware vSphere environments, do not automatically provision network load balancers or manage external DNS records. To use Gateway API on an on-premise platform, you must explicitly deploy a load balancer controller, such as MetalLB, and manually map your DNS records to the provisioned gateway address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On-premise infrastructure dependencies: On-premise deployments, such as bare metal or VMware vSphere environments, it does not automatically provision network load balancers or manage external DNS records. To use Gateway API on an on-premise platform, you must explicitly deploy a load balancer controller, such as MetalLB, and manually map your DNS records to the provisioned gateway address.
```
